{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red54\green54\blue54;\red231\green230\blue229;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29680\viewh19640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Name your price: Priceline\
Offer Aggregation: Kayak, eBay, Amazon\
One day, one deal: Groupon\
Just-in-time production, or the \'91pull\'92 method: Dell, Toyota\
Growth first, profit later: Amazon\
The Modern Franchise: MCD\
Software First: Microsoft\
Lifestyle takeover: Apple and Google (the ecosystem idea)\
The Everything Store: Walmart\
The P2P Revolution: Etsy, Kickstarter, Paypal, Craigslist\
\
Some common business models\
Manufacturing Model: you make and sell\
Advertiser Model: you get $ from advertising \
Data Model: you gather and sell info\
Merchant Model: reselling\
Brokerage Model: selling knowledge about a service\
Affiliate/Commision Model: take a cut of sales you create\
Auction Model: gather buyers and sellers\
Add-On Model: Razor Blade\
Direct Sales (no middle retailer: Warby-Parker)\
Freemium, start free and get your info, then mkt till you upgrade\
Low-Cost Model: drive volume and try and upsell: Allegiant\
Pay-as-you-go: Utilities, micro transactions, financing\
\
\
Subscription Model\
All You Can Use/Eat\
Basic + Upgrades\
Multi Level Marketing\
Invent and Licence/get bought\
Invent and Startup\
Improve and Startup\
Improve and Licence/get bought\
Crowdsourcing resources \
\
GAMING BUSINESS MODELS\
1. Retail: sell boxed games like Nintendo\
2. Digital distribution: Steam, Ninentdo Store\
3. In-Game Adverts: lots of iPhone games pause you to show an ad somewhere\
4. Around-Game Adverts: around the border of the game\
5. Advertgames (like a game built around a brand)\
6. Finder fees from first dollar spend by the found customer\
7. Try before you buy games\
8. Episodic: you buy episodes like expansion quests in warcraft\
9. Skill-based progressive jackpots: pay to enter, win to get pot\
10. Velvet Rope or Member\'92s club: VIP access to stuff\
11. Subscription model\
12.  Microtransactions\
13. Sponsored games, usually charity or education\
14. pay per play / pay as you go/ pay for time: like arcade games\
15. Player for player trading of virtual items, you take a cut on auctions\
16. pre-sell distribution rights in marginal countries to fund activities you care about here\
17. Sell info about your players\
18. Freeware: no money, just for fun basically\
19. Loss Leader: freeware or cheapware designed to drive traffic someplace\
20. Peripheral enticement: game cannot function without some hardware, like a gun\
21. player to player wagering: place wagers, go head to head, winner keeps pot, platform keeps a %\
22. User generate content: users make content and sell it to each other, you keep a cut or sell time\
23. Pay for storage space to save progress, stats, game data, etc.\
24. Pay for private game server where your friends come to play.  like renting a laser tag place for yourself, or a first person shooter environment\
25. Licensing Access: to play that dumb game at the airport you have to pay a dollar\
26. Selling branded items from your game.  You need a strong identity\
27. Pre-sell game to players: let fans fund dev.  Mighty #9\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
}